[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
At long last, Androids
17 and 18 were activated
and put into action.
But the inhuman warriors almost
immediately turned
on their creator,
Doctor Gero, and activated
another Android: 16.
[VEGETA] I, Vegeta,
shall crush you here and now.
Kay, Mr. Hot Shot
[OPENING SONG]
Hey!
[GOHAN CHUCKLES PRIOR TO LINE]
Check it out!
Looks like we re almost there.
That s great... but hey
Do you think we can
go by my house first?
But... why...? We re so close,
and there s some things I ve
got to tell my dad
as soon as possible.
Honestly...
You have no clue what my
life is like... motherhood
Do you think it s easy...
I don t blame you;
you get it from your father...
You ll probably inherit his
problems with women, too.
[BULMA]
Being a mom is really tough.
There are all these
things I have to do,
like changing Trunks diapers,
warming his milk.
I m telling you,
this is a full-time job!
[YAJIROBE] Quit being so
insensitive and think
about all the grub
she must have in stock...
Take us to Bulma s place!
[BABY TRUNKS UTTERS BABY TALK]
Well... He does look hungry...
Okay, we can swing by.
Goku s finally starting
to get some color back.
I wonder, though...
Gohan should
have been here by now...
Where can he be?
Hmm.
[KRILLIN THINKS] I hope the
Androids haven t had
time to get to Goku s house...
or Bulma s either,
for that matter.
[TRUNKS THINKS]
Father...
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Well.
[BIRDS CHIRPING AND FLEEING]
That s a surprise...
This one appears to
be a great deal
more powerful than Dr. Gero s
data suggested was possible.
Nice, Vegeta
Very impressive.
Since there s no way to tell
how much damage
you ve sustained,
I guess I ll just have
to vaporize you.
[18 CHUCKLES]
Well this is where
our fight has to end
[VEGETA] Get a few more
chuckles in while you can
[TRUCK GRINDS TO A HALT]
What the heck you two
goobers think your doing?!
You re in the middle
of the road...! Come on!
[TRUCK DRIVER]You trying to
get run over or something?!
Out of the way!
[TRUCK HORN SOUNDS AS VEGETA
TALKS]I m not so amusing now,
am I?!
[TRUCK DRIVER]
I am not kidding!
--Scram, you nincompoops!
--Let s see what you can do.
Hey!
[TRUCK DRIVER]
Dude, my truck!
You re pretty fast for a pile of
scrap metal and copper wiring.
Why do I get the feeling that
you re holding out on me?
That s because I am...
If I let myself go,
the whole Earth
would be destroyed.
[18] I haven t been
trying very hard, either...
I m glad I m
not the only one.
[VEGETA]
Aww... don t be shy.
If you plan on
walking away from this,
you ll need to use
every ounce of
strength you can muster
Thanks... I ll do that.
[VEGETA STARTS TO POWER UP]
[TOTAL SILENCE]
[ROCKS EXPLODE]
Are you alright...? Vegeta!
Good, you re okay!
I m fine well at least
I was until you showed up.
You have a real tendency
to suck the joy
out of everything
[17] Well, it looks like the
cavalry has finally arrived.
Something tells me
even Number 18
would find it difficult to
take them all on at once...
Which means...
I should help...
Unless you d like to have
the honor, Number 16.
Negative... I am
not going to fight them.
I thought not... You really
are useless, aren t you...?
Fine... But it makes me wonder
why anyone ever
built you in the first place.
I told you I was
created to defeat Goku.
Lucky you...
What a simple existence.
Hey, look...!
That Number 17 Android
is heading this way!
We have to go now, Vegeta...
What good is pride if you just
end up losing because of it...?
You have to listen to me!
Do you want another beating...?
She s mine...
I am sick of your lip
You can run away
if you want to...
Those who flee usually
aren t worth chasing, anyway.
You ve got to be joking...
You expect me
to turn tail and run
when I m so close
to eliminating you...?
What kind of warrior
would I be then?
And since we re on the topic
If I had to choose between
going into battle alongside
the Namekian, the
Earthlings, or Kakarot
I d fight alone even it meant
I had no chance of winning.
[17 SLOWLY CLAPS HIS HANDS]
That was an excellent speech
Not a bad fighter, either
Exactly what I would expect
from the lone
Prince of the Saiyans.
I don t need praise
from a puppet...
Keep your flattery to yourself.
You re a brat in a metal shell.
Still... I assume that you
and all of your little friends
here embrace
the warrior s code...
I can tell just
by looking at you.
[17] But even so, I doubt
that any of you would be
foolish enough to interfere in
Vegeta and Number 18 s battle.
If I m wrong...
I ll join in, too.
[VEGETA]
These pacifist worms?
They don t need any
encouragement
from you to wait
on the sidelines.
Fine... Either way.
Shall we continue?
I d love to.
That s what I like to hear.
[EXPLOSION]
Hmph. You still aren t
fazed, are you...?
That s getting on my nerves.
I m surprised...
You may be an alien...
but you fight amazingly
well for an organic being
Is Goku even more
powerful than you are?
Of course not...!
He may have
slipped ahead of
me temporarily,
but not anymore...
Now I m back
on top where I belong.
I see... I thought
one of you was special
but neither is.
What did you just say?
[TIEN] Let her have it...!
Come on, Vegeta!
[TRUNKS THINKS]
Amazing
I had no idea my father was
such a fierce warrior...
To think he can actually hold
his own against one
of the Androids!
It s what I feared
he s losing
Just watch
It s happening gradually,
but it s obvious that the
Android is wearing him down.
Look at her. Her power
supply is infinite
but Vegeta is
losing a little bit of
stamina with every
single move he makes.
No please.
If it makes you feel better,
this took longer than I thought.
[VEGETA YELLS WITH RAGE]
[OTHERS REACT IN SHOCK]
[VEGETA SCREAMS]
Father!
[PICCOLO]
Wait! Stop!
[TRUNKS YELLS OUT AS HE ATTACKS]
Father!
[TRUNK POWERS UP]
[SWORD CRACKS and SHATTERS]
[SWORD CLANKS ON THE GROUND]
Down with one hit...
And... he s a Super Saiyan, too!
Oh, man... We re in trouble!
No!
Let him go!
You fool!
No, wait!
[KRILLIN SHUDDERS IN DISBELIEF]
Oh man unbelievable!
[BIRDS CHIRP]
Umm... Okay That s weird.
[KRILLIN SHOCKED SPEECHLESS]
Now, just to be sure
you don t try that again;
I better disable
your other arm.
[VEGETA SCREAMS OUT IN PAIN]
[17]
His strange glow has faded
[17] and look, his hair has
gone back to its black color
What an odd phenomenon.
[18]
The other one was the same way.
[17]
That's true.
I can t help but
wonder who he is...
There s nothing in our data...
Well... I suppose
it doesn t matter.
This is bad...!
They beat everybody!
I m all that s left!
[KRILLIN FRIGHTENED]
Well okay but I m not
going down without a fight
Don t worry; they re fine...
Or at least they will be soon.
Look Just give
them some of those
senzu beans you have on you
That should heal them
completely, right?
Tell them something for us...
If they ever feel up to it
we ll be glad to
take them on again.
17 Aren t you going
to ask him where Goku is?
[17] It s okay
we ll find him on our own.
It ll be more fun that way.
Besides If we go out
and cause enough trouble...
Goku might actually
come looking for us.
I see.
Byyye!
[17]
See ya.
[18] That was both childish
and totally unnecessary.
[17]
You think so?
What are you looking at, 16?
There were birds here
but you were loud...
so all the birds flew away.
[17]
Birds, huh?
[18] Listen, this road doesn t
seem like it gets much traffic.
If we want to get noticed,
we need to find a
place with more people.
[17] You re right about
the lack of traffic.
An area with more
humans would definitely
be better suited
to our needs.
I m all for
relocating if you are.
[18] When we do, I want to
find a change of clothes.
There s no reason to
keep fighting in rags.
Fine... So...? You want to make
it unanimous, Number 16?
Yes.
[KRILLIN]
Hang on, don t go!
[17] Is there something else
we can do for you?
Yeah... There s just one
thing I need to know...
What is it that you re after?
[KRILLIN Is it Goku?
Or something bigger than that?
Are you trying to take
over the world? What?!
[17]
For now, it s beating Goku...
and once we ve done
that, we ll have to see
But... Why...?
Why are you after him?
[KRILLIN]
What did Goku ever do to you?
Gero s the one that hated him
and he s gone so
why do you care...?!
Why can t you just
leave everyone alone?!
Dr. Gero has
nothing to do with it.
You see, Krillin
We re playing a game.
Did you... say a game...?
That s...
why you re doing this...?
That s your only reason?
In a word... yes... It s fun...
Which is why I m not forcing
you to tell me where Goku is
The hunt is one of the best
parts of the game!
Look... Just suppose...
I asked you really nicely to
forget this game and
walk away...? Would you?
Negative...
This is our mission...
beat Goku... That is all.
And the machine has spoken
[17] Take my advice give your
friends those senzu beans.
They re all pretty banged up.
[18 KISSES KRILLIN ON THE CHEEK]
See you real soon. Bye.
[NARRATOR] The Androids
are far more dangerous
and unpredictable than anyone
could have imagined--
and they ve proven
themselves more
than a match for even the
Earth s mightiest warriors.
Can Goku and the others
find a way to stop these
mechanical monsters?
The battle continues--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[CLOSING SONG]
[GOKU]
Hey! It s me, Goku...!
What are you
planning now, Piccolo?
[PICCOLO]
I know what we must do
It s become clear to
me that there s
only one way for us
to defeat these Androids.
[MISTER POPO]
Kami...! Can you sense it
Piccolo is on his way here
he s coming to the Lookout!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[PICCOLO]
The Earth doesn t need Kami
It needs someone
with the power to save it!